(SINGING) It seems today
that all you see
Is violence in movies
and sex on TV
But where are those
good old-fashioned values
On which we used to rely?
Lucky there's a family guy
Lucky there's a man
who positively can do
All the things that make us
Laugh and cry
He's... a...
Fam... ily... Guy!
Come on, kids, people are
gonna start showing up
for the costume party
any minute.
Hey, nice Snoopy costume, Brian.
Thanks.
Oh, I guess it's not true what they say,
you can punch Snoopy in the
stomach as hard as you can
and he won't feel it. That's Houdini.
No, Brian. Now get up and do the dance.
Oh, no, I'm not gonna do the dance.
Do the dance!
(SIGHS HEAVILY)
(DOORBELL RINGS)
Hey, Quagmire.
Ah, cool,
you dressed like
Napoleon Dynamite.
Hey, do you say
anything funny?
No, I just do quirky things
for the sake of being quirky.
You strike me as someone
I wouldn't enjoy,
but others might.
Who are you dressed as, Peter?
I'm Laura Bush.
And I'm the guy she killed.
That's right. I forgot.
Laura Bush killed a guy.
Yes, she did.
Well, come on in.
Oh, you know, this is why...
Brian, you remember,
the last couple of weeks
I kept saying, "Can I have a
couple minutes of your time
"to talk to you about something?"
This is what it was about.
This evening is ru-ined.
Look... wait, what?
The whole evening
is ru-ined.
-Why are you saying it like that?
-Saying what?
I'm just pointing out
the party's ru-ined.
You know, I'm not gonna
get sucked into this.
Okay, just so I'm sure, really?
Are you just trying to piss me off
or is that really how you say that?
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about
this ru-ined evening.
-That's not how you say "ruined."
-What? Ru-ined?
What do you call the remains
of ancient Greek structures?
Ruins.
-And how would you describe this evening?
-Ru-ined, of course.
This evening is ru-ined.
-Say "ruined."
-Ru-ined.
-Ruined.
-Dumbass.
-Oh, Brian, don't be crue-el.
That's a great costume, Joe.
Are you FDR?
No, I'm Olympic swimmer Mark Spitz.
Oh, you mean like if he dove
into the shallow end?
No.
Regular Mark Spitz.
Wait, are you Stephen
Hawking at the beach?
No, I'm Mark Spitz!
He won seven gold medals!
Oh, I get it.
You're crippled Magnum P.I.
I'm...!
Fine, I'm crippled Magnum P.I.
(GASPS) Brian, there's that girl
from my yoga class
I wanted you to meet.
Oh, look, Lois, I appreciate it,
but I'm not into fix-ups.
Oh, come on, you gotta get
yourself back out there.
Jane, this is Brian.
Oh, Brian!
Lois has told me so much about you.
Wow, you're even more
handsome than she said.
Hey, thanks.
So, uh, that's a great costume.
What are you, one of
Freddy Krueger's victims?
I'm a victim of the liberal agenda.
I'm a murdered fetus.
Did you know that Democrats
murder thousands of babies every year?
And sometimes babies are
put back into the womb
just so that they can be aborted again.
Have you ever had any sex
that was voluntary?
-No, I have not.
-Yup, have a good evening.
Come on, buddy. Let's go.
-(CHIRPS)
-Yeah, with a capital "C."
Oh, stop looking so depressed, Brian.
I'm sure one day you'll meet a girl
who loves abortion as much as you do.
That's not the point, Stewie.
I'm just tired of every
girl I meet being crazy.
Aw, things will work out for you.
Now come on, let's forget our problems
and get lost in the world of books.
Ooh, Horton Hears Domestic Violence in
the Next ApartmentAnd Doesn't Call 911.
MAN: (YELLING) You think it's
easy working all day?
-WOMAN: No! I... You think I like it?
-I don't think it's easy,
but, yes, I do think you like it.
Yeah, I like being away from you
'cause I can't stand looking at you!
-You... Aah!
-(LOUD THUD)
(CRYING) Yeah!
You think I want to do that?
You think I want to hurt you?
Not in front of the baby!
(SCREAMS) I don't want to hurt you!
I'm sure there's two sides to this.
-Whoops.
-I'm sorry.
I don't think you want this book.
It's all about atheism.
Oh, I know. I'm an atheist.
Really? So am I.
It's all yours.
I feel bad taking the last copy.
Well, there's one way to settle this.
If there is a god,
send another copy.
I guess that's our answer.
(CHUCKLING)
Tell you what. How about I take it
and then send it to you after I read it?
Swear to God?
(LAUGHS) Stop it.
I know, I'm just messin'...
well, uh, listen, uh,
here-here's my address.
Thanks.
See ya later.
God, still no mail for me, huh?
Jeez, Brian, you've been
going through the mail
every day for a week.
What are you looking for?
I'm expecting a very important package.
Another one? You haven't even opened
the one that came for you a week ago.
You idiot, why didn't you
tell me this was here?
Because I've been using it
as a hat weight.
-A what?
-A hat weight, Brian.
My hat kept blowing away,
so I put the package on it
so I wouldn't lose it.
That's the dumbest thing
I've ever heard.
You don't wear a hat and
there's no wind in here.
You, sir, owe me
one new hat.
You know, uh, I was really glad
you sent me the book.
I won't lie to you, I came this close
to praying that I'd see you again.
Good thing you didn't because...
BOTH: Who would hear it, right?
(LAUGHING)
Can I interest you folks
in some of our heavenly cheesecake?
No, but I'll have some of our
"there's no afterlife" soufflé.
-(CHUCKLING)
Now we got the waiter involved, eh?
(LAUGHING) I love being a part of things.
I'll bring your dessert now.
You know, Carolyn,
I rarely find myself
connecting with another person
like I have with you.
I'm really enjoying your company.
Oh, me, too, Brian.
(MAN SINGING)
The boat rides we would take
The moonlight on the lake
The way we danced
and hummed our favorite song
The things we didlast summer
I'll remember
All winter long
The midway and the fun
The Kewpie dolls we won
The bell I rang to provethat I was strong
The things we didlast summer
I'll rememberall winter long...
I had a really great time tonight, Brian.
Well, is there any reason it has to end?
STEWIE: (WHISPERING) Don't do it, Brian.
What the hell?
Excuse me for a second.
Stewie, have you been hiding
in the back all evening?
Yes, I'm saving you
from yourself, Brian.
You almost went in there
and tried to have sex with that girl.
So, what's wrong with that?
That's why you can't
maintain a relationship.
You always try too soon
and end up blowing it.
Think about it.
God, you know, maybe you're right.
I do. I always try and jump
into the sex right away.
Maybe that's what screws things up.
You know, I'm gonna
take it slow this time.
Listen, um, I-I gotta go.
Really?
Don't worry. You'll see me again.
Good job, Brian.
Don't worry. I'll help you through this.
(ENGINE STARTS)
So, you wanna get something to eat?
Can we go someplace
where the menus have pictures of the food?
Ooh, let's go someplace
where the menus have pictures of food!
Gosh, I really enjoyed the movie tonight.
Yeah, you knew it was
gonna be a touching comedy
because Robin Williams had a beard.
Ooh, my back is so stiff from
sitting in that theater chair.
I could probably use a back rub.
Do you mind?
Oh, not at all.
You know, I, uh, took a Thai massage class
at the Learning Annex.
STEWIE: Hoo-hoo! Hoo-hoo!
Boy, that's an awfully loud owl.
Hoo-hoo!
Don't do it, Brian!
Take it slow! Hoo-hoo!
Uh, of course, I'll tell you
what'd really set you right
is a couple of Aleve
and a good night's sleep.
Oh.
Well, all right, if you say so.
Well, I guess I should say good night.
Ho-hoo-hoo! Good job, Brian!
Hoo-hoo!
-Hi there.
-Not interested.
Okay.
Ooh, tandem bike.
You gonna take a ride out in the country
and let the AIDS blow through your hair?
Get lost, Stewie.
I am getting laid tonight.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, what
happened to taking it slow?
I have been taking it slow.
We've been going out for three weeks
and I haven't tried anything,
even though she's been giving me
some pretty strong signals.
So, do you have any thoughts
on what you might want to do tonight?
Oh, I don't know.
Eww, I don't know, Brian.
You don't want to mess things up.
Well, we'll find out tonight, won't we?
All right, but just one
last piece of advice.
Remember, listen to her body,
and respond the way you'd
want her to respond to you.
Uh, okay. Thanks.
That's very helpful.
You'll be a wonderful lover, Brian.
What are you doing?
Oh, sorry, you-you just had
a little, uh, something.
(DOORBELL RINGS)
Oh, my God!
Carolyn?
-Cleveland?
-Oh, hey, Brian.
Close that window.
You're letting all the stank out.
I don't believe this.
Cleveland, you're sleeping
with my girlfriend?
Nobody told me
Carolyn was your girlfriend.
I'm not his girlfriend.
Carolyn, what are you talking about?
We've been dating for three weeks.
Well, you never made a move on me,
so I thought you just
wanted to be friends.
Then I met Cleveland, and
things just kinda took off.
Wha...? H-how did you even
meet each other?
We met at the Starbucks.
She started going on
about her new Brazilian wax
and not wearing
any underpants and whatnot.
I'd have to be a homosexual
to ignore a signal like that.
But, Carolyn, you
completely misunderstood me.
I-I wanted you like crazy,
but I just figured if I
showed a little restraint,
you'd respect me.
-I do.
-As do I.
Now why don't you go hop
on that gay bike of yours
and go get yourself a lollipop
or a cupcake or something.
(LAUGHING)
We good, Brian. We good.
So, Carolyn.
(CLICKS TONGUE)
Guess you should've hit that
when you had the chance, huh, Brian?
What? You're the one who told me to wait!
Oh, you're crazy, bitch.
I didn't say that, bitch.
Yeah, well, thanks to you,
I lost her to Cleveland.
You know what you need?
You need to stop
pointing fingers and get out of the house.
Have some fun. Real fun.
Not like 37-year-old-woman-
on-a-blind-date fun.
(LAUGHING)
This is fun, right? We're having fun.
I mean, so what if you forgot your wallet?
I'll pay. I'm gonna pay for us.
You'll get it next time! Yeah!
So, you were in prison, right?
Killed a man?
Aw, I'm sure it was
in self-defense.
No. I just felt like killing.
(LAUGHING)
Oh, you tell the best stories!
Me and my three eggs
are having the best time!
We are gonna get you
back on your feet, Brian.
I know what always makes me feel better:
delicious sweets.
Halloo! Welcome to Fjurg's Backery.
Would you like a hot pis of pee?
It's on the hoose!
What?
Oh, noo! You're covered in my hot pee!
You can wash yourself off
in the waiter clooset.
(SENSUAL MOANING, KISSING)
Uh, you know, I can just
wash it off when I get home.
Why? What's in there?
-CLEVELAND: Oh. Mmm. Oh, yeah.
-Mmm. Mmm.
-Mmm. Mmm. Oh.
-CLEVELAND: Wait.
-Mmm.
Wait. Wait.
(CLEVELAND EXCLAIMS)
And boom goes the dynamite.
Okay, look, next time
we'll go to another store.
How about that?
Just forget it, all right?
I just want to sit here, watch the
ball game, and have a few beers.
ANNOUNCER 1: It's ball three,
low and outside to Ramirez.
ANNOUNCER 2: Wait a minute. What's this?
There appears to bean interracial couple
making love on second base.
ANNOUNCER 1: The crowd's enjoying it,
and it looks like the umpire's
gonna let 'em finish.
CLEVELAND: (EXCLAIMS)
And boom goes the dynamite.
ANNOUNCER: There it is!
ANNOUNCER 2: I'll tell you what.
This would be painful to watch
if you loved that girl.
Boy, what are the odds
of running into Cleveland and Carolyn
everywhere we went, huh?
Well, as long as we just stay here
in the house, we're safe, right?
Oh, that was a great game!
Carolyn, it's been so nice
getting to know you.
Yeah, Cleveland, she's way more fun
than that wife you used to have.
Wh-What was her name?
Weezy or Florida or something?
Jennifer Hudson?
Loretta.
You know, it's amazing, Cleveland.
You went from a black woman
to a white woman
without having to take that
Hispanic woman step in between.
(LAUGHTER)
Loretta! That's our answer!
-What do you mean?
-We've just got to go talk to Loretta.
If we can get her
back with Cleveland,
-Carolyn's all yours.
-Well, it's a long shot,
but so was the "Shouting
Arab-Gram" business.
(SHOUTING IN ARABIC)
From Joan and Keith.
You know what? This is
never gonna work, Stewie.
Loretta cheated on Cleveland.
She's not gonna want to go back to him.
Oh, she can be convinced, Brian.
Just let me do the talking.
No, I think I can communicate
with her better.
She's only gonna get the gist
of what you're saying.
Really? Isn't she one of those people
outside the family
who can understand me?
No, I think because of Cleveland,
she's close enough to the main cast
-that it might be a little weird.
-Really?
-MAN: We're filming!
-Okay, okay.
Sorry, sorry.
Ring the doorbell.
(RINGS DOORBELL)
Uh... hi, Loretta.
Brian! Stubbie!
What are you doing here?
Uh, well, to be honest, Loretta,
uh, Cleveland sent us.
-He... really wants you back.
-What?
Yeah, he says he misses that...
(STRAINING) Uh, perfect... figure.
Well, I get the gist
of what you're saying, Stoolie,
but I can never go back to Cleveland,
not after all the pain I caused him.
I'm sorry.
Hey, Brian, did you see that
treadmill in the living room?
(CHUCKLES) Yeah.
(DOORBELL RINGS)
Brian, may I speak with you?
Oh. Cleveland.
I didn't recognize you
without my girlfriend
wrapped around your waist.
She and I are both
to a point of great soreness,
so we took a break.
Listen, I just want to clear
any bad feelings you may have
about me and Carolyn.
(SIGHS)
I guess it's okay.
These are... passing flings,
nothing to get upset about.
Good. Because we're gonna elope
in Hawaii tomorrow night!
-What?
-You got a problem with that,
you can go (BLEEP) yourself.
Loretta?
Hello, Cleveland.
What are you doing here?
Cleveland, I've been doing
some thinking lately
about how much I miss you.
I'm sorry for hurting you.
I want us to be together
again as a family,
and I promise I'll never betray you again.
I love you, Cleveland.
Uh... I'm no meteorologist,
but I'm pretty sure it's rainin' bitches.
I-I don't know what to do.
Carolyn and I are supposed
to elope tomorrow,
but here comes Loretta all apologetic
and wanting to get our family
back together and whatnot.
I wouldn't forgive her so fast, Cleveland.
Remember, she slept with Quagmire.
Yeah, she really acted crazy.
Well, now, just-just
wait a minute, you guys.
Let's not be so quick
to demonize Loretta.
I mean, whatever happened
to "forgive and forget"?
Oh, you just want Cleveland
out of the picture
so you can get back with Carolyn.
You know, Brian, sometimes...
I don't believe I know you.
Th-That's not it at all.
I-I happen to think
Loretta is very beautiful.
With her... sassy wisdom,
and... speed-bag arm fat.
Hmm. I guess at
the very least,
I could go talk to her
tomorrow and see how I feel.
Thanks for your help, Griffins.
Brian, do you really think
Loretta is beautiful?
Absolutely. That's really how I feel.
Now, it is true
her personality is abrasive.
Slightly abrasive.
But overall, Loretta
is a delightful person,
very pleasant to be around,
and free to pursue a life
of religious fulfillment.
I'm really concerned
about Cleveland.
What Loretta did was unforgivable.
I hope he doesn't go back to her.
I hear you, Lois.
You know, there might be a way
to drive the point home
that she hasn't changed.
-How would we do that?
-Hang on.
Hey, Quagmire!
-Quagmire!
-What?
-You busy right now?
-No, I got a hand free. What's up?
Would you mind getting Loretta
to sleep with you again?
Uh, I... Possibly.
I mean, in what context?
Well, we're trying to make
Cleveland see that she's no good
and that he can't trust her,
and if he catches you guys
in the act, then...
Oh, okay, oh, no, no, okay,
no, I'm-I'm with you now.
Yeah, no, yeah, you know,
I can probably work that in.
Terrific. Thank you!
This is perfect, Lois.
We'll expose Loretta
for who she is.
Just like Cyrano was exposed
for being anti-Semitic.
I love you for all that you are...
(INAUDIBLE WHISPERING)
...in spite of the fact
that your people control
a disproportionate amount
of the world's wealth...
(INAUDIBLE WHISPERING)
...and in all likelihood
are probably responsible
for starting every major war
since the dawn of t...
Dude, again with this?
What's your problem?
Who's in the bush?
CYRANO: Mind your own business,
you stupid Jew!
Room service.
I didn't order no room service.
It's complimentary.
We have a club sandwich,
a fruit plate and a side of...
Hot beefsteak!
Giggedy-giggedy-goo!
(GASPS) Glenn Quagmire!
You get out of here!
Come on, baby.
Time for round two!
(LORETTA YELLING)
You're the devil!
You ruined my marriage!
Oh, you can't resist the Q-man
and my super-powered genitalia.
Apache Penis, Ee-nay-chok!
(LOW WHIRRING)
Aah! You go on and beat it, little neck!
I'm a changed woman!
I don't mess with your kind anymore!
You're a meanie!
(SOBBING)
Hey, Quagmire.
Uh... hey, Cleveland.
Why are you staying in a hotel?
Uh... my...
house burned down.
Oh. Why are you naked?
Naked? Wha... But
everybody's been telling me
I'm wearing magnificent robes
made from the finest silk. Oh!
(GASPS) Cleveland!
Hello, Loretta.
Oh, come in, baby.
Have you thought
about what I said?
Yes, I have, and I still
love you, Loretta.
Oh, Cleveland!
But... I-I can't take you back.
Wh-Why not?
Loretta, I came over here
wanting to believe
that there was still
a chance for us.
But on the way, I passed a lake,
skipped a few rocks and had
some black-guy thinking time...
L-Loretta, we leave
certain parts of our lives
in the past for a reason.
What you and I...
You can go ahead and put
your clothes back on...
What you and I had was a wonderful thing,
and as much as I still have
a great deal of love for you,
our time is over.
I love somebody else.
Oh, Cleveland, isn't
there anything I can do
to make you happy?
Yes, there is.
You can live
your life, Loretta.
Live it as full
and as wonderful as you can.
I love you.
(GASPS) Oh, my God! Carolyn?
Quagmire?
Cleveland, close the window!
You're letting the stank out!
Well, we both got screwed
by the same girl.
Yup.
I guess it's all right, though.
You and I will find true love someday.
(SIGHS) Yeah, I suppose.
So, how was it having sex with Carolyn?
I think I'm gonna remember it forever.
Oh, yeah? How so?
Brian, do you think you could
identify a genital wart?
I... I-I-I...
I would think
that would be something you'd
check with your doctor about.
-Okay.
-Okay?
-Yeah.
-All right, 'cause I'm not a doctor.
-I can't...
-No, I understand.
-Okay, so we're... we're still friends?
-Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
Well, summer's coming on.
It hurts.
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)